Psalm 6 to the chief musician with
stringed instruments on an 8 stringed
hath a psalm of David O Lord do not
rebuke me in your anger not chasing me
in your hot displeasure have mercy on me
O Lord for I am weak O Lord heal me from
my bones are troubled my soul also is
greatly troubled but you O Lord how long
return O Lord deliver me Oh save me for
your Mercy's sake for in death there is
no remembrance of you in the grave who
will give you thanks I am weary with my
groaning all night I make my bed swim i
drench my couch with my tears my eye
wastes away because of grief it grows
old because of all my enemies depart
from me while you workers of iniquity
for the Lord has heard the voice of my
weeping the Lord has heard my
supplication the Lord will receive my
prayer but all my enemies be ashamed and
greatly troubled let them turn back and
be ashamed suddenly
[Music]